Update README.md (#11704)
wordpress-mobile/WordPress-iOS: README.md

Then edit the `~/.mobile-secrets/iOS/WPiOS/wpcom_app_credentials` file and change the `WPCOM_APP_ID` and `WPCOM_APP_SECRET` fields to the values you got for your app.

> Then you can compile and run the app on an emulator and log in with a WordPress.com account.  Note that authenticating to WordPress.com via Google is not supported in development builds of the app, only in the official release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can compile and run the app on a simulator and log in with a WordPress.com account.  Note that authenticating to WordPress.com via Google is not supported in development builds of the app, only in the official release.
```

Its a little pedantic but we don't have emulators on iOS. They're simulators 😅

Author: Lol. It's easy to mix them up because they're different on each platform! Thanks @jtreanor. 🙂
